lab-registration/README.md, before:

lab-registration
================


Hackafe device registration form for WhoIsInTheLab written in GO 

# How to build/run

1. If this is your first time dealing with GO read [this](http://golang.org/doc/code.html)
2. After cloning cd to project root dir and run **go get ./...**
3. Run **go build** to build the binary 
4. You need to setup mysql with the database from [whoIsInTheLab](https://github.com/leon-anavi/WhoIsInTheLab). The sql scripts are in the db/ directory.
5. Modify **config/db.cfg** according to your database setup.
6. Run the server with **./lab-registrarion**. You can optionaly specify a different config file location with **./lab-registration -config {path-to-config}**
7. Test the server with  [http://localhost:8080/users](http://localhost:8080/users).
8. If you try to open [http://localhost:8080/mac](http://localhost:8080/mac) you will get an error :).
   This is becouse 127.0.0.1 (eg. the client ip) is not present in the arp table.
   You should access it from a different host using the ip address assigned to your physical net adapter instead of localhost.
9. Profit :)

Commit message:

Added instructions for running client side

lab-registration/README.md, after:

lab-registration
================


Hackafe device registration form for WhoIsInTheLab written in GO 

# How to build/run server side

1. If this is your first time dealing with GO read [this](http://golang.org/doc/code.html)
2. After cloning cd to project root dir and run **go get ./...**
3. Run **go build** to build the binary 
4. You need to setup mysql with the database from [whoIsInTheLab](https://github.com/leon-anavi/WhoIsInTheLab). The sql scripts are in the db/ directory.
5. Modify **config/db.cfg** according to your database setup.
6. Run the server with **./lab-registrarion**. You can optionaly specify a different config file location with **./lab-registration -config {path-to-config}**
7. Test the server with  [http://localhost:8080/users](http://localhost:8080/users).
8. If you try to open [http://localhost:8080/mac](http://localhost:8080/mac) you will get an error :).
   This is becouse 127.0.0.1 (eg. the client ip) is not present in the arp table.
   You should access it from a different host using the ip address assigned to your physical net adapter instead of localhost.
9. Profit :)

# How to run client side

1. Make sure the server is built and configured properly.
2. Install [bower](http://bower.io/)
3. Run  **bower install** in lab-registration dir 
4. Open [http://127.0.0.1:8080/](http://127.0.0.1:8080) in a browser
5. Even more profit :)
